you saw two million six for Bank in
another unboxing here and this i
pre-ordered it back in April from evite
calm and gave me some box I'm not here
it's airsoft relate it is so when it's
it's a it's a new dimension massive an
ad for on pre-order box already go smash
government
let's take a look and see how she does
look and actually wear this during games
you know what is nicely cushioned inside
here and that's how they look inside
there it is it is an official ebike
product there there's a bite no no and
let's see how it looks from the front
nice it's of course it got the Call of
Duty ghosts and look to it and it is a
Miss master to say it will take to
protect your face there in a game and it
is adjustable there does have four
adjustable straps and there is in size
you can see there's cushion for the
forehead I don't know how the
ventilation is going to be and they also
push it to the side so if you wear
glasses or not they're gonna be fogging
up or whatnot so we will find it out
here in a minute but let's go ahead and
see how it does look that's it from the
side that's it from the front
nice man there you go and that's it from
that side so they were on pre-order its
exclusive three bags you can choose
ebike product and it's going to see how
it looks on on somebody step over here
we'll put on the sale but not any kind
of weird
yeah
good
we're infinite that's how it's gonna
look when you're wearing you know it
does protect your face and whatnot you
know the stretch to being right now but
uh yes he does have the ghost effect to
it but you know not much to it like I
said they get it for by 80 bucks on eBay
calm and a dead you haven't pre-order so
um you know we're gonna see how how you
how it how it works out in the game but
in the meanwhile there you have a guys
it's airsoft team razor 6-4 and we are
sorry